[Music]
Very good my dearest two lovers of the
heart I hope you are enjoying
the day day that we woke up with some
spectacular news that we have been
waiting for for some days now
this news has been given exclusively by
our dear Jesus Manuel Ruiz from
the newspaper you know that Jesus Manuel has
been the one who has been giving
the exclusive announcement during the last few days that
the sentence was already being dictated
that we already had it and that at any
moment in the next few hours he would wash and
so it was
Antonio David Flores wins again in
court and gets 70 thousand euros more you
know that the sentence that we
have talked about so many times
condemned the television factory to 32
thousand euros for the issue of unfair dismissal
not 32 thousand euros that
Antonio should have received if they had
fulfilled his contract and then fifty
thousand in compensation for
Antonio David's right to honor well to these
fifty thousand we add seventy thousand
euros more that
's 120 thousand euros for violating the honor
that is already an amount that is  call
logic plus the 32,000 for wages for
the unfair dismissal is worth it because that's what
Antonia Vi should have received
if they had let her
contract end a total of 152 thousand euros that
the TV factory
Antonio Avila has to pay her the man who does not sue
when he abuses him
well not to sue has cost them the
grace dearly not for having called him an
abuser 152 thousand euros I tell you
these people accept the sentence and will continue
with their consultation more as you are going to see today
I show you in the video that I will upload in
a little while on the main channel what
interests them still now and their
lawyer is to sue the
TV factory again in a civil suit for the
right to honor for all the
statements and all the well all the
accusations that they continue to make since
that program I am
very happy there is still an option for
the TV factory to appeal that they will
surely exhaust every last avenue
possibilities they do not have many
possibilities it will not be the appeal if they
do it they will do it because they have  that they
will exhaust the last avenue and the only thing they will
achieve with that is to extend the
time to pay but the sentence I already
tell you possibilities of changing it now
after this distance
and less like in the sentence and what is
spoken of in that sentence which is
devastating in the first instance Anthony
Davis and also appealed not only
them but cantonal and also appealed I think I
want to remember this do not
pay too much attention to me because I speak from
memory of conversations and such but I
seem to remember that they presented
these live shows where we were watching it
at the rates not the
advertiser rates and so on that they have on
Telecinco because for them this I already
told you this of stretching their pockets a little bit
takes 150 thousand euros but well
150 thousand euros
is a sentence that well he does not compensate for
the damage that he has done of course because
as I tell you there are people who still when they
saw this news this morning were
saying the nonsense of yes yes but that
lawsuit is a labor lawsuit yes yes but he is not
innocent because he has been acquitted and all
the nonsense that he says in the
TV factory is not a  labor lawsuit in
which the judge has included a violation of
honor that there was no reason for it to have been done
that could have been condemned I
simply
ask for a nullity and that they should have paid what they
have to pay if they had if they
hadn't fired him so that he doesn't find out
that he has made it very clear that
Antonio David's honor has been violated and
that he has been called an abuser
when he is not when he has been
investigated and justice has decided
that he is not and the thing about the acquitted person who starts
saying the nonsense of no no no no no it's not that
the case is over it's that he
's there waiting for new
evidence waiting for new evidence
well he can die waiting for love that will
come out behind the spider he has been
waiting for a dismissal since 2018 and they
cannot provide new evidence because there will
not be any new evidence he has already
explained it many times and in this
case this dismissal is almost better than
a solution because because he has been
investigated for three years and with all
the documentation all the same
documentation and more than what is
presented in the documentary the judges
say no no  There is a case that there is no
indication please it is very shameless
nothing family but well do not ask more
to the audience of Sálvame in white
because we want to ask pears from the elm
Antonio David has won one
hundred and twenty thousand euros because they have
violated his honor plus 32,000 for the
unfair dismissal which was a dismissal that was not
done as
things should be done it was an ambush and they have been
convicted precisely this news
we have the day after Antonio
says
well anyway family a big hug
and we will see you in the next
news
[Music]